
SKILLS
• Attention to detail
• Problem solving
• Team player
• Computer skills
• Ability to work unsupervised
• Cash handling

EDUCATION
Thomson Education direct
Diploma
Accounting
Completed 2003

Kings Meadows High School
Schools Certificate
Year 10
Completed 1984

LICENCES
- Motor vehicle - Car - QLD

AVAILABILITY
Mon: Morning, Afternoon
Mon: Morning, Afternoon
Wed: Morning, Afternoon
Thu: Morning, Afternoon
Fri: Morning, Afternoon
Sat: Morning, Afternoon
Sun: Morning, Afternoon


SUMMARY
I am a well-mannered, honest and hardworking individual who takes pride in
everything I do. I am capable, mature, reliable, responsible, and I always pay
close attention to detail. I am a self-starter who is willing to work and learn, and I
am more than capable of working unsupervised.


EXPERIENCE
CASUAL HOUSE ATTENDANT - ADMIN 09/2017 - 02/2019
Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Centre
Responsible for printing out event orders and amendments and putting them
into the correct work packs.
•
I had to enter the scheduling data into the scheduling calendar each week
and cross check each event to make sure that it was covered.
•
I had to prepare the work pack cover sheets from the scheduling calendar
each week.
•
I also had to double check that the supervisor had everything covered so that
no events were missed.
•

SETS SUPERVISOR 02/2016 - 09/2017
Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Centre
I was responsible for the logistics of all furniture movements for all of the
event setups within the centre.
•
Basically, I had to work out which crews set which rooms and what furniture
they used for setting each event.
•
I had to work closely with the Audio Visual and Housekeeping departments to
ensure that each event was setup correctly in a timely manner.
•
I also had to liaise with equipment suppliers so that we could hire in any
equipment (staging, dance floors, display boards etc.) that we couldn't supply
ourselves.
•

CASUAL HOUSE ATTENDANT - SETUPS 07/2003 - 02/2017
Brisbane Convention and Exhibition Centre
I was responsible for setting up various meeting rooms and exhibition halls to
satisfy client needs.
•
This included setting up, chairs, tables, dance floors, stages, and the
basketball court for the Brisbane Bullets.
•
In 2012 I started learning how to do some of the admin work in the Sets
office so that if somebody was absent I could take over so that everything
ran smoothly.


OTHER EXPERIENCE
I worked at Coles Supermarkets from July 1985 until March 1996. I started as a
casual trolley boy/checkout operator and I worked my way up to the position of
Storeman. I was responsible for receiving and checking off all of the stock that
came into the store as well as being in charge of the waste (cardboard and
rubbish etc.) being removed from the store. During my time there I also worked in
the Grocery and Fruit & Vegetable departments.

REFEREES
Robert Gravolin
Ex Sets Supervisor at BCEC
0402 684 522

Mark Griffin
Ex Sets Team Leader at BCEC
0405 454 299
